today we're going to talk about the
hummingbird electronics and the
Navionics Maps and how to use them to be
more successful in locating and finding
fish now we see the full-screen mapping
here you can zoom in to get more detail
get tighter contour lines Navionics
offers several different products this
is actually the Platinum or in the
premium HD right here we're looking at a
real steep Bluff Bank as you can see
we've got a pretty steep Bank here going
into a pocket ahead of us what we're
going to do is we're going to start the
motor and we're going to idle in here
but I want to go to mapping with 2d
sonar as you can see the map is very
detailed compared to what what the
bottom readings are but the one of the
biggest things is being able to use your
sight imaging electronics now we have
site imaging here with our mapping what
this does is allows us to watch what is
happening on the map and state and
follow a contours and help us locate
structure like for example right along
this Bluff we're seeing on this side
here is a drop-off with a nice little
rock ledge to it with trees all over the
place on the right hand side as we
scroll along here we're seeing that
we're actually starting to drop off into
the water
into the deeper water
there's actually a big brush pile we can
see right here on both sides
with the mapping though it allows us to
start looking for points now we've
entered just bade and we can see that
with the map we're getting we're getting
ready to cross a point and we just
actually went past a pocket and you can
see that nice creek channel as it comes
out with those trees not on the point of
it you can see we're getting into real
shallow water
the other nice thing is with the GPS you
can you can watch your track here the
nice thing about that is is if you have
a successful path you can come back and
fish that exact path the other thing is
that you can know exactly where you've
been and where you haven't been I use
that a lot in tournament fishing and
with hummingbird by hitting the menu
system and going over here to the
navigation screen to the current tracks
I can actually go to appearance I can
change the style
I can actually go down here and I can
start changing colors
then you always need to remember to go
in and save and you'll notice that we
went to the neuro or green line got
different colors on different lakes
different mapping backgrounds I like the
red because it jumps out against
anything is on the map starts now
Navionics charts most all the lakes and
the HD detail which is going to give you
your one foot contours but nothing beats
having electronics to back up that data
as you can watch here we're seeing the
actual creek channel swinging in against
this this Bank here one thing I can look
is how tight these contour lines are on
these sides these are good steep
vertical sides versus these lines out
here that are flatter tell you a lot
about what the structure is
[Music]
but you can see we've got a real good
creek channel here good change in bottom
hardness and the thing that one of the
things I really like about Navionics is
the ability to shade my depth and follow
that contour what that allows me to do
is I can search the areas that I need to
define fish what you're seeing here is a
multitude of Creek channels and bottom
hardnesses that mapping jingim in
combination I can find so much more
about my lake and the fisheries I'm
fishing and where and how fish migrate
but it the best thing is is when you do
find something you've got quick access
here I can quickly go to a full screen
it zoom right out boom I've got the
whole Lake right there at my fingertips
I'm not having that open Maps I can say
okay I caught them here let's go here
let's go to another another spot I can
quickly look and find all those places
to make it a lot more easier for me to
be more productive in the day
fishing is about time management no
matter if you're a weekend angler
or the number one Bass Pro on the bass
to the more efficient you are at your
time the better the angler you'll be
you